---
layout: post
title: Getting started
---

Learning a new vocation is always tough.  Having been in the type of industry where my work location is always changing has gotten me used to changing small aspects of work, specifically my environment.  Different locations, new faces, different settings and minute details are something that is expected to be part of the job.  However, jumping into a completely different field has been an eye opener in so many different ways.  You have to figure out what you're capable of and build off that, then you have to bring patience in understanding that you are making a change in your life that is not easy in any form or way.  It all comes down to one thing, how much are you willing to sacrifice everyday?  What can you do to get yourself closer to your goal?  How much can you handle while you try to maintain your everyday life.  I knew going back to school wasn't going to be easy, but I knew all along I wanted to change careers.

I've spent more time looking at how I would get to where I wanted to go as opposed to accepting my career.  In this divide of economic well being in America, the impact is felt hard for people in the bay area more so than a lot of other places.  The cost of housing has become a practice of fitting in, bad spending and conformation more so than the American dream I grew up with.  Everything costs so much more and I constantly see the wear on my contemporaries faces.  The constant running as the carrot is dangled in front of their faces.  It feels like people chase ghosts more than they enjoy themselves.  Too many times I've seen people living while chasing security that is squeezed in tighter and tighter by the people living comfortably above them.  Looking at this and having my dreams tied into the game industry lead me to software development.

What lead me to bloc was two things primarily, the job guarentee upon completion of the program and the thorough study of all the fundamental aspects of software.  My first month has been rife with obstacles.  Writing functions and commmand line mines has given me plenty of anxiety, lost sleep and a fear of whether I could truly make this jump into this career.  Where Bloc has assisted more than anywhere is building my mental image of me being a coder.  Even now typing in this post I still have feelings of trepidation, a hesitance.  As each project and day goes by it becomes less and more of an everyday fact.  I know finishing this post will get me past another checkpoint.  I know that my mentor Mike will be there to make sure I get the help that I need.  I know that the network on slack will be there to assist me almost immediately when I post.  What I used to fear, almost hated the new change that the curriculum brought to me.  Now I'm looking forward to starting a new career and building myself with every project, every line of code, and every trial that I over come.